
(DONE) *make the site's logo is clickable and it should redirect to the main page for both frontend and backend to its corresponding main pages

(DONE) *give an alert like we used in restaurant when radio button is clicked, we need to show  "১৮ বছরের নিচে হলে সাথে অভিভাবক থাকতে হবে।" this message if the users input age is less than 18

(DONE) *mobile friendly ui for main site : need future modifications

(DONE) * rewrite two pages in bangla 

(DONE)* add payment gateway


Going beyond: 

(DONE)*Admin "Meetup Groups" section retouch :
 Venue names from Area/Locations should be available in "Meetup Groups" section and it should be selectable while creating a group to assign people to it.
 after the admin assign a person to a group make sure to make it visible for admin to see the assigned people in their groups, let the user remove someone from the group to send him back to unassigned if needed to reassign in another group again 

(DONE)* make a way to see the unsuccessful bookings and the reason for being unsuccessful, the records or logs should be sortable by date and deletable to make sure not to increase data size in db (this is very important)
(DONE)* make users see assigned peoples or their group mates when assigned by the admin(name, phone number, age, rating if any)
(DONE)* make users chat with each other while in the precessing stage untill the meetup status is completed(chat should be deleted after the meetup status is completed) and place this feature in the booking track preview we have for the user
(DONE)* make users rate each other after the meetup and show the rating of that user(nameifany or mobile number)
(DONE)* center allign footer texts for mobile only and use separate line for the texts :  © 2024 DekhaHok. All rights reserved. Made with ❤️ in Dhaka.

(DONE)* find a way to curate the English autotranslation for the international users, the translation should be more natural and logical and human-like 


(DONE)* a) add another line in ম্যাচিং ও ভেন্যু 
(DONE)* b) selactable cards of group & place color when clicked or selected redesign 


(DONE)* reduce the empty white space between "৩২০৮ জন ঢাকার মানুষ আমাদের ..." ও Now in Dhaka City a little
(DONE)* improve booking status modal texts and elements orientation for mobile only
(DONE)* REPLACE VERIFIED TEXT'S logo icon used  IN STEP 3 
(DONE)* reduce the unused empty space between © 2024 DekhaHok. All rights reserved. Made with  in Dhaka. Privacy Policy Terms of Service line elements and ধন্যবাদ আমাদের সাথে থাকার জন্য!

Even Beyon: 
* Expand into Chittagong and other major cities in Bangladesh
